Richelle Direny: Issues trying to login
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I'm saying the number was invalid.
Alone.
Brandon Haught: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: Were you having Wi Fi issues I
Brandon Haught: Know, just said I was in the zoom said it was around number, but this time it went in some reason I was trying about 10 minutes ago.
Brandon Haught: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm happy you're here now. Thank you so much for joining and
Richelle Direny: This is the first time you're meeting right
Richelle Direny: Outside of yours provider.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: No problem. So this session is just, I'm really informational session.
Brandon Haught: Just
Richelle Direny: Gathering information so
Richelle Direny: You know, after
Richelle Direny: I start a session, then we will determine like where we go from here. Do we have weekly bi weekly, monthly sessions, we'll go from there.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Sorry, I don't want my little ones to come running in the room.
Richelle Direny: Right, so, um,
Richelle Direny: So just before we get started, like I like to go over
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: Kind of what the protocol is typically we asked that as you are, you have
Richelle Direny: A headset. Um, I don't necessarily always wear a headset because I come in a locked room.
Brandon Haught: What
Richelle Direny: Do you guys always asked to, you know, for for whether it's group or individuals. You just always your where you have, you know, your Wi Fi connection.
Richelle Direny: Actions are typically around 45 minutes to an hour. Um, so we just asked you to have that availability.
Richelle Direny: If you're not going to be able to make it to the sessions.
Richelle Direny: individual or group, you know, you just send a message through virtual counselor or, you know, male, what have you. The way kind of the way
Richelle Direny: I sent you the remainder of the session
Richelle Direny: Today, you just send it to
Richelle Direny: Let us know that you won't be able to make
Brandon Haught: It. And if you could reschedule.
Richelle Direny: I think you're you just muted and okay I'm
Richelle Direny: Also, you know, if anything that for the most part, everything is confidential.
Richelle Direny: You are on a recorded video
Richelle Direny: The only person in that
Brandon Haught: Room what's
Richelle Direny: In here is because of the sessions are dictated
Richelle Direny: So, you know,
Richelle Direny: Type them up. But outside of that, unless you share something that you're a threat to yourself or anyone else.
Richelle Direny: Then at that point confidentially kind of creeps out the door, not increase kind of walks wrap. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so it sounds like you. You're coming out with a comb.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, this a little bit. Just sinuses.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. All right, then. So let's get started. Tell me a little bit about how you heard about bright hearth.
Brandon Haught: I was a client before
Richelle Direny: Okay, yes. You know what I was reviewing your father yesterday.
Richelle Direny: You were, you were with us a few years.
Ago.
Brandon Haught: A couple years ago.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what happened.
Brandon Haught: I got it, I got in trouble with the law and I got it, and the integration program, namely switch providers.
Brandon Haught: You are you there was the integration program, but a
Brandon Haught: End up we end off Suboxone and then when I got out of the integration program I relapsed almost immediately.
Richelle Direny: Oh, hi.
Richelle Direny: Tom, how long were you in the intervention program.
Brandon Haught: 11 months.
Brandon Haught: Kind of
Richelle Direny: The intervention program. It's kind of like where you checking all the time, or you were there.
Brandon Haught: It. No, I wasn't there. I just was an ISP and I O P and stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said while you were there you relax.
Brandon Haught: Know, after I graduated
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, suddenly you found that the Suboxone program was a little bit more effective for you.
Brandon Haught: Yes, I went back to using it and want to get better. I want to go back to using. So I got a hold of you guys.
Richelle Direny: And prior to you being in this program, how long
Brandon Haught: Are you I'm summer.
Brandon Haught: At 11 months.
Richelle Direny: About 11 months.
Brandon Haught: Yeah. Oh.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: If you could just give me a little bit.
Richelle Direny: Of what was your
Richelle Direny: drug of choice.
Brandon Haught: Opioids
Richelle Direny: Not specifically which yeah
Brandon Haught: Most of the pill form I have use heroin in the past so
Richelle Direny: Now how long. Now you said
This most
Richelle Direny: Pills.
Brandon Haught: Yes, that's my drug of choice would i would have use heroin in the past internationally.
Richelle Direny: And when did you start with just on the pills. Like, what was the beginning cattlemen
Richelle Direny: Accident Like was it was just introduced like what was going on.
Brandon Haught: Recently, or when
Richelle Direny: When it started when
Richelle Direny: We're going through the history
Brandon Haught: Oh, I started using drugs and alcohol at 15 years old.
Richelle Direny: Okay. When did you start using
Brandon Haught: Probably was about
Brandon Haught: Late teens.
Richelle Direny: And it was introduced to it wasn't like
Brandon Haught: Yeah, thanks. Yeah. Prescription for like my teeth and stuff but
Brandon Haught: We I just
Brandon Haught: Tried to model legally. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: So it wasn't like do to like like an accident or anything.
Brandon Haught: No.
Richelle Direny: Okay. It was daily you
Brandon Haught: Know, I've never really been a daily user just
Brandon Haught: As much as I can afford as a time I guess when I was using
Brandon Haught: I try to use a daily where I'm using but sometimes they run out of money.
Brandon Haught: And just get sick.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so a lot of what you works, but a lot of money.
Opiates
Richelle Direny: I'm often
Brandon Haught: Worse.
Richelle Direny: For you said that you drink in the past.
Brandon Haught: I used to drink a lot when I was younger.
Brandon Haught: I really don't drink much you have any anymore.
Richelle Direny: When did the drinking stock.
Brandon Haught: Or the
Brandon Haught: Money and
Brandon Haught: MID 30s I slow down and drinking a lot
Brandon Haught: I'm 40 now.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what helps you with the increasing the drinking and just
Brandon Haught: Try. I just didn't want to do it anymore.
Richelle Direny: Um, have you ever been in any other treatment program outside of bright heart and the other program that you went into
Brandon Haught: I was in the impact program at one time and can Ohio's inpatient or outpatient or
Richelle Direny: When was that
Brandon Haught: That was
Brandon Haught: Back in oh nine.
Brandon Haught: 2010 sharona
Richelle Direny: When were you in
Richelle Direny: Funny. What are we in 2020 2017 is when you were in Breitbart
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I think I was at a writer for a year or so.
Brandon Haught: A year.
Richelle Direny: Then you got in trouble. So in 2018 into the
Program.
Brandon Haught: 2019 I started the other program.
Richelle Direny: was the name of that program.
Brandon Haught: Chance program. I can't know how
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. And you said, after you did 11 months is when you relax.
Brandon Haught: Yeah right after I got out of the program.
Richelle Direny: What did you relax on on the opiates, you went back to taking pills or
Richelle Direny: Yeah. What was the, what kind of fills it with any kind of
Brandon Haught: Easily professor
Will Percocet.
Richelle Direny: How many milligrams one purpose.
Brandon Haught: A very anywhere from five to 30
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Have you ever did you go to a detox program prior to coming back to bright heart.
Brandon Haught: No, no.
Richelle Direny: So when was your last year before coming to bright heart after the program.
Brandon Haught: I've been using to auction off the street for last several days. So just little chips, trying to get through.
Richelle Direny: But you've had since you started this program you've been
Brandon Haught: What's that I just started the program last couple of days.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon Haught: And then you're very, very low. So I don't know what I said forget I signed up last Tuesday, but
Brandon Haught: Using
Only
Brandon Haught: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: Did you see Natalie.
Brandon Haught: I don't know. Some guy on the phone.
Brandon Haught: Doing all right over the phone.
Richelle Direny: provider who prescribes the Suboxone you haven't seen
Brandon Haught: Yes, I have seen the doctor but I haven't got the prescription for those yet.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon Haught: We're waiting on
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, now let's kind of look in history. Have you ever been diagnosed with any kind of mental illness.
Brandon Haught: suffer from depression, anxiety, I take Abilify and a visceral
Richelle Direny: And you see you have a psychiatrist that you are seeing
Brandon Haught: Yes, you go
Monthly
Brandon Haught: Every three months.
Richelle Direny: Interesting every three months they give you a three month prescription
Yes.
Richelle Direny: What was the last time you saw your psychiatry.
Brandon Haught: This last this last week, I think it was
Brandon Haught: Might have been this week this week or two ago.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, do you see a therapist as well.
Brandon Haught: I see a counselor. Yes.
Richelle Direny: In the same form right in. Same place the same
Brandon Haught: Right, yeah.
Brandon Haught: And I see a cancer for for calm question.
Brandon Haught: To see in her while ago and she's a good counselor. So I stuck with her.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brandon Haught: So I have two counselors in a psychiatrist.
Richelle Direny: Both of them are for
Brandon Haught: Just though once heard a conquest ones for Coleman's
Richelle Direny: What are what are each of you say conquest and Coleman's work.
Brandon Haught: What's that
Richelle Direny: What you said complex
Brandon Haught: Are they, yeah.
Brandon Haught: There was a mental health and one's mental health and drug addiction.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, and how often do you see
Brandon Haught: That you've been seeing
Brandon Haught: The one for conquest every week because I had a relapse and then
Brandon Haught: I've been only seeing the other guy once a month for Coleman's
Richelle Direny: Once a month.
Brandon Haught: So it wasn't really good, then all sudden I kinda
Wasn't
Richelle Direny: That wasn't good in that all of a sudden it was
Brandon Haught: No, it was good. And I said, I kind of relapse pretty bad.
Richelle Direny: Okay, gone through a lot in the last
Yeah.
Brandon Haught: Last month, and about bus almost two months now.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Let me see. Do you
Richelle Direny: Think your camera.
You
Brandon Haught: touch the screen and bumps to another screen.
Brandon Haught: Touchscreen and I bumped the mouse, whatever.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Yeah, are you married single
Richelle Direny: Single, single so you live alone.
Brandon Haught: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And do you have children.
Brandon Haught: No, I have nephews, I'm in their lives, but
Richelle Direny: You have one
Brandon Haught: Nephews okay apparently involved in their life or sports and stuff.
Richelle Direny: You're pretty involved.
Brandon Haught: I got other sporting events and try to stay in touch with already nine and seven.
Brandon Haught: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Cool.
Brandon Haught: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Are you try to be
Brandon Haught: Try to be
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, any history of overdose any
Brandon Haught: No.
Richelle Direny: Um, do you have any family history.
Brandon Haught: Of substance abuse my dad recovering alcoholic for 40 years
Brandon Haught: My uncle, my mom sizing alcoholic. Well, go on my dad's side is a drug addict.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so pretty strong families, your parents still alive.
Yes.
Brandon Haught: And you're still pretty involved with them.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, somewhat I say pretty low.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I do. Okay, and now
Richelle Direny: Given that you said your uncle. That means you have siblings.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I have one brother.
Richelle Direny: So it's just you and your brother. Just the two of you.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, yesterday, have any any
Richelle Direny: Substance abuse or mental illness.
Brandon Haught: Know,
Richelle Direny: Now you did, said that you're, you have the
Richelle Direny: Alcohol abuse but no mental illness.
Brandon Haught: Oh,
Richelle Direny: And no overdose no suicide within the family.
Richelle Direny: Now what medication.
Brandon Haught: Take
Richelle Direny: On you said visceral
Brandon Haught: Visceral and Abilify
Richelle Direny: Ones are the only two psychotropics you take
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, how many milligrams or each
Brandon Haught: 15 visit Abilify
Brandon Haught: Which I just up from 10 because I was wasn't doing so well. I asked for you to up it a little bit.
Brandon Haught: And
Brandon Haught: This show I can take up to 350 milligrams a day.
Richelle Direny: Have you been, um,
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No problems with me.
Brandon Haught: No, not usually.
Richelle Direny: Now, what would you say what's been going on. You said that the last two months has been really hard. What's been going on in the last summer.
Brandon Haught: I just relax, basically.
Richelle Direny: You know, I understand that, but typically with
Brandon Haught: Nothing else nothing else going on now.
Brandon Haught: Just realize that's what said, oh,
Richelle Direny: No, I know. I understand that. But what I'm looking at is
Brandon Haught: I have no side issues really that caused the relapse or caused me to do anything else.
Brandon Haught: Depression, I guess, I don't know. Yeah, just relaxing kept going.
Brandon Haught: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Okay, you said depression. Right.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I mean, I was a little depressed. I guess I don't know. I wasn't really nothing really triggered in this, I wanted to use one night I did right after I graduate that program.
Richelle Direny: Um, what are some of that, like, what are some activities.
Brandon Haught: Now not currently
Richelle Direny: No, I see you're not involved in any program, any kind of organizations anything we're
Brandon Haught: Not currently. No, I was when I was an integration. I watched a couple days a week.
Richelle Direny: Do you have
Richelle Direny: Are you currently employed.
Brandon Haught: Guess full time.
Richelle Direny: Full time
Richelle Direny: I would, you would you do your job as somewhat stressful.
Brandon Haught: Know it's a Monday Java DD home.
Brandon Haught: DD group home.
Richelle Direny: When you say DD mentally disable
Richelle Direny: This areas. Okay, adults. Um, can, can
Brandon Haught: Dose
Richelle Direny: And how was that for you.
Brandon Haught: Okay, I've been 15 years is similar jobs.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: What are some of, like, What are your hobbies like activities things that you like to do
Brandon Haught: That don't have many right now.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's not happy going to see your nephews point you said they're involved in sports.
Brandon Haught: Oh yeah, I mean, I am a family that's a hobby. I wouldn't say we're
Richelle Direny: Going to see your nephews play sports.
Richelle Direny: I mean,
Yes.
Brandon Haught: That's one of my activities, I do not. I don't do a lot of activity. Be honest.
Brandon Haught: Okay, so you have no
Brandon Haught: Very inactive right now.
Richelle Direny: What things that you used to do in the past.
Brandon Haught: I used to lift a little bit and do things, but
Richelle Direny: In terms of like friends, friends come by, or
Richelle Direny: No.
No.
Brandon Haught: No.
Richelle Direny: Now for the the therapists that you see for mental illness and addiction.
Richelle Direny: Which one do you see more frequently, the one that does both
Brandon Haught: Ideas would want it as both
The conquering
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That you've been to because you seem your mood seems really low.
Brandon Haught: So you said that. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Boy through depression and how is that helpful, like in the in the in your, your counselor. How is that helping
Brandon Haught: How does my counselor helping me
Richelle Direny: I said, How is that helping you right now because you seem really, um, your mood is really low. And when was the last time you saw your counselor.
Brandon Haught: Last week, or this week actually was like Monday or Tuesday.
Richelle Direny: On there.
Brandon Haught: Was last week is here and again next week. Once again, only
Richelle Direny: Once a week.
Brandon Haught: Oh, but I, I, I was supposed to go to
Brandon Haught: A meeting for potential IoT again. But I skipped it ready to go back up again. I just got out of it.
Brandon Haught: Meaning that
Richelle Direny: That she's
Brandon Haught: Going we skipped a week you're supposed to go see her co worker and I didn't
Richelle Direny: Oh yes, it was just too much to one another. I oh
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I don't feel like doing that again.
Richelle Direny: Wasn't very helpful for you first time.
Brandon Haught: It was but it, it wasn't. I don't know how to explain it.
Richelle Direny: What is your goal. What would you like to get
Richelle Direny: Your time invite one
Richelle Direny: Okay, places like given. I know that you were in a part of the program.
Richelle Direny: Now you join back
Richelle Direny: Again what. What is your hope what
Brandon Haught: To get and stay sober.
Brandon Haught: Just pay
Brandon Haught: More
To participate more
Brandon Haught: Participate more life.
Richelle Direny: Know, be a part of bright heart, you will still maintain wants to see your site, right, Chris.
Answers right
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Brandon Haught: dropping my other stuff.
Richelle Direny: Oh no. And of course, I
Richelle Direny: Mean don't need to see a bunch of cancers. And we've already seen some cancers and that's good enough.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But outside. I mean everyone's goal, while being a part of the bright heart program is the space over
Brandon Haught: With
Richelle Direny: Eventually, at some point in the future.
Richelle Direny: To start tapering off once they've gotten to a place
Um,
We start to heal.
Richelle Direny: Their
Richelle Direny: Their stressors and
Richelle Direny: That. Yeah. So once you start working through that.
Brandon Haught: But what specifically for
You
Richelle Direny: Is that you would like to work on. What would you like to
Brandon Haught: Just get more involved in life trying to do more activities stay busy instead of me and down all time.
Richelle Direny: Would you say that you isolate a lot
Brandon Haught: Yes, I do.
You know,
Richelle Direny: When you say you go to work at night so
Brandon Haught: What time do you get up in the morning, six. Six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: And so once you come home, you're pretty much home the whole day.
Brandon Haught: Most of it. I go out sometimes try to get out about little bit do something
Richelle Direny: And you're
Richelle Direny: You're pretty close to your brother.
Brandon Haught: Really more close with his kids.
Brandon Haught: He does really well for himself. He's got a really great job and as a nice house good wife and i really don't fit his
Brandon Haught: Lifestyle.
Brandon Haught: What I'm gonna do is boys and always say stuff my parents for years, and they were they were up there, a lot. I am this there I'm good with kids. It's always like me. I don't know. I
Richelle Direny: Think it's always just like you.
Brandon Haught: Yeah I know, is the Noel my life.
Brandon Haught: I have a kind heart. I don't like to be mean or anything, you know,
Richelle Direny: That's it. I'm part of your depression. When the way you talk about your brother.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I wish I'd want to do a route. Yes. Part of my depression. I could have been a different person.
Brandon Haught: Had a different life.
Richelle Direny: In. Are you actively working on me and you pass in your past, which you've done the decisions you make. If you can't undo them, but are you
Richelle Direny: Working towards
Richelle Direny: I'm
Brandon Haught: Complete little something different.
Brandon Haught: I'm trying to I was back at school, a little bit. I have a degree already, but I never used it and I
Brandon Haught: Have a degree in while I was back in school and sociology of corrections and minor in psychology
Brandon Haught: And I have
Brandon Haught: I gotta go back in the fall, because it could start this phone thousand probation. I'm almost done with a program called the mist program a stark state. It's a medical instruments sterilization technician.
Brandon Haught: And I'm almost completed that program and it's up to three clinical is in one class next fall want to go back to that.
Brandon Haught: And trying to get a career jumped off.
Richelle Direny: Working in the medical field.
Brandon Haught: Uh huh.
Brandon Haught: It's an easy job. It paid $20 an hour at $20 an hour.
Brandon Haught: I looked at it in a walk through it looks pretty easy. We just claim my questions and set up certain kids.
Richelle Direny: Are you say you clean the medical equipments and set it up.
Brandon Haught: No, you say medical instruments like knives since capitals.
Brandon Haught: And you set up like the kits at the door, using a surgery likes a little packet to Dr. Nice right knee surgery or so.
Brandon Haught: Much
Brandon Haught: Very much to it occurs much they pay
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Okay.
Richelle Direny: You have what you would like to do. It's the motivation to
Yes.
Richelle Direny: lack of motivation.
Brandon Haught: Motivation. Yeah. What do you think can
Richelle Direny: Give you some motivation like will help you know increase
Brandon Haught: Is being more active getting involved things I like and just laying around moping
Richelle Direny: That will definitely keep you down.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: He's like you just need
Brandon Haught: motivation to bounce back. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: About that accountability, like a friend to help you stay accountable to help you to
Brandon Haught: You know, really.
Brandon Haught: My family's pretty good to me best about it.
Richelle Direny: How far away that your family.
Richelle Direny: From
Brandon Haught: A half hour.
Brandon Haught: And a half hour.
Richelle Direny: For like I'm
Richelle Direny: You go there for
Richelle Direny: Like family gatherings like once a week or anything like
Brandon Haught: I tried it at least once a week.
Richelle Direny: Would you say that your depression level is moderate mild severe
Brandon Haught: Right now it's moderate is
Brandon Haught: Such a bad. I've been way more depression. The past is no, it's just a matter of motivation right now.
Richelle Direny: You've got the motivation.
Brandon Haught: Many
Richelle Direny: I'm a wide range of support system.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, when you have any financial stressor.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, live paycheck to paycheck.
Richelle Direny: But you said you said that your, your job.
Richelle Direny: Years are in that same
Richelle Direny: Field for 15 years working with not mentally disabled.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I can be stressful at times but yeah pretty high functioning guys right now.
Richelle Direny: It's a meal house.
Brandon Haught: Just one guy apartment.
Brandon Haught: Yes, it was an apartment.
Richelle Direny: So it's just one person you work with
Brandon Haught: Right now. Yes, I've worked in places where there's more than one guy in the house, but not now.
Brandon Haught: Oh,
Richelle Direny: That's a little bit more
Richelle Direny: A bit more flexibility.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, but he lives alone.
Brandon Haught: Yes, yes, staff there also.
Gotcha.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, um, I mean, I would definitely recommend
Richelle Direny: You haven't started going to a group yet, right.
Brandon Haught: No, I haven't given me that information yet.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well, I would definitely
Richelle Direny: I know
Richelle Direny: You're starting
Richelle Direny: Here in Ohio right there.
Richelle Direny: on Thursdays at 1pm. What's the name of the provider, you saw is it Natalie.
Brandon Haught: Yes, Natalie Austin. Yes.
Richelle Direny: So I believe that there, but they will confirm it on bright heart the care coordinator, they will confirm it. Jamie, I think, is your care coordinator. They were with you, but I believe it's going to be on Thursdays at
Brandon Haught: 1pm
Richelle Direny: would definitely recommend. I mean, you already have, I think,
Brandon Haught: having too many therapists.
Richelle Direny: Are in a park. That's a lot. So
Richelle Direny: I recommend you know continuing to follow up with your current counselors that you have
Richelle Direny: English with me. I'm once a month, if you just feel
Brandon Haught: hunger for
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Brandon Haught: Just a chicken.
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Brandon Haught: I'm okay.
Richelle Direny: You have Medicaid right
Brandon Haught: Yeah care.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but you don't have. Yeah. So you can always check in with me. Um, I mean if you didn't have a counselor outside that I would recommend weekly counseling.
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: He's like it's covered by your insurance for Bret Hart, but I would recommend
Richelle Direny: We counseling. But since you're, you really have developed a relationship with your counselors and you're meeting with them weekly
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: We can
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let me schedule an
Appointment
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And you've been pretty consistent in and taking your
Richelle Direny: Your, your psychotropic medication right your Abilify
Brandon Haught: So yeah, I take him every morning.
Richelle Direny: And when did you, when did Natalie.
Richelle Direny: Send out for your prescription
Brandon Haught: Especially here yesterday, but I've been coordinating with that then Yo she's trying to fix what the pharmacy.
Brandon Haught: Some reason the doctor didn't go through was her yesterday, she's trying to fix it as we speak. So she's waiting for some response from the doctor. So I don't know what to go on.
Richelle Direny: Let's check in back on the 27th.
OK.
Brandon Haught: So the February.
Richelle Direny: 27 of February at six o'clock.
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: But we will be meeting. I'll be running your groups.
Brandon Haught: Huh. Okay, cool.
Richelle Direny: I'll be doing the group. So we all on once again let you know.
Richelle Direny: Actually
Brandon Haught: Your groups and can't meet
Richelle Direny: On Thursday, so
Richelle Direny: What days and times are best for you.
Brandon Haught: Any days. Okay. Later, the better. Especially the law.
Brandon Haught: Test Thursday. One is no good.
Richelle Direny: If you're going to be doing groups on Thursdays, you can't do. You can't meet with me on Thursday, can't do things on the same
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: We could do on the 24th at six. It's a Monday.
Brandon Haught: Okay 24 to six.
Brandon Haught: That's
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Brandon Haught: That's fine.
Richelle Direny: I'll have you, but when we are meeting for her. I'll, I'll definitely remind you when you're
Brandon Haught: Gonna get another text based for you about the group next week or
Richelle Direny: Yes, once. Well, not for me for the group, you're not going to get back from me, you'll get that from bright heart because they're trying to formulate the group.
Richelle Direny: So it they're hoping to start it next week, but if not next week and maybe get the the following but
Richelle Direny: They will let you know once they they have officially started the group that's how you the dates and times and then they'll let me know.
Brandon Haught: No problem.
Richelle Direny: You can hear.
Richelle Direny: Me.
Brandon Haught: No, no, thank you.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right.
Good reading. Thank you again.
Brandon Haught: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: All right there. Have a good one.
Brandon Haught: You too. Bye.
Crystal Gatwood: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Hi, can you hear me, hear
Richelle Direny: Me. Yeah, I can hear you. So, um, how are you
Crystal Gatwood: Hold on, I'ma go back out and again
Richelle Direny: Okay, how are you
Crystal Gatwood: Can you hear me now.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you.
Crystal Gatwood: I can't hear you. For some reason, the
Crystal Gatwood: What in the world.
Can you hear me no
Richelle Direny: unmute yourself.
Crystal Gatwood: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Can you hear me now.
Crystal Gatwood: We cannot hear each other.
Richelle Direny: Turn up maybe turn up your volume.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay, here you
Did you try that.
Crystal Gatwood: My volume, all the way up.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you keep freezing. You still can't hear me.
Richelle Direny: You can't hear me.
Crystal Gatwood: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm gonna send you a message.
Crystal Gatwood: It's recording
Crystal Gatwood: That
Richelle Direny: You can hear me.
Crystal Gatwood: Can you hear me at all.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you.
Crystal Gatwood: Why can I hear you. For some reason,
Crystal Gatwood: Huh.
Crystal Gatwood: Hold on. This is supposed to be recording. Yes. Okay.
Crystal Gatwood: Do it down here by your name.
Richelle Direny: Maybe, see if you're muted. See you see if you have me muted. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Crystal Gatwood: Now I can't hear you.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know what it means.
Crystal Gatwood: All my volumes are up and everything my
Crystal Gatwood: Microphone says
Richelle Direny: Mean I don't know why.
Richelle Direny: I'm sending you a message.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay. So can we just click out of the meeting and then try to start a new one.
Richelle Direny: Hold on.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay, so
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: How are you, I'm
Brock Simmons: GOOD ABOUT THAT. I DIDN'T SEE THAT YOU checks till about 20 minutes after the fact.
Richelle Direny: I figured I figured I was like, oh, he probably walked away from the phone as soon as I
Brock Simmons: Did
Richelle Direny: That's fine. You're a year on time. It's my seven o'clock decided not to show. Then she showed something
Richelle Direny: Else. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So that's fine. Um, but thank you so much for responding. Now let me ask you a question. Is that like a good method of reminder
Yes.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, usually me or my wife. We both have it will either on Facebook or blood cell phone. So yeah, that's a good way to contact. Okay, perfect.
Richelle Direny: So have you logged in, you've met with
Brock Simmons: The provider. Right.
Brock Simmons: Yes, done then Austin.
Brock Simmons: Austin Austin. Yeah, yeah.
Brock Simmons: It's kind of all new to me. I'm not
Brock Simmons: Used to the online doctor thing. So just trying to get used to everything and video call on and all that so
Richelle Direny: Well, yeah, you're gonna get real useful because everything is online.
Richelle Direny: I mean it.
Richelle Direny: For a lot of people because you're not driving somewhere.
Brock Simmons: In the crowd, that's my thing I've worked 10 to six that it's just hard to wake up, go to counseling. It's just, this is a lot more can be so that's why
Richelle Direny: It's convenient for you and it's convenient for me and it's convenient for the provide
Brock Simmons: Right. Yes. So it's a win win for everybody.
Richelle Direny: The win win for everyone. The arm so let's just got kind of go over everything. Um, so how is it going to work now because you'll have to attend groups every week. Would you be able to have you gone to any group says yet.
Brock Simmons: No, no.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you say you work Monday through Friday 10 to six.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, actually, it's Tuesday and Saturday 10 to six. I got Sunday and Monday off. So, okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So, um, so I'm going to go over kind of some house rules. So typically you would log on the way the same way you do. I'll send you a reminder
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna be honest, I'm not always I'm on top of the reminders because like I will go over and I'll tell you. Okay, this is the time that we're meeting. This is the date so like I try my best to go in the night before. So, look at my calendar and send out reminders.
Richelle Direny: Um, but I'm gonna work on like really true sending out the reminders. Each time a person has a session so that they don't i don't have so much to know shows
Richelle Direny: I'm the same way you did it, you check in through virtual counselor, because a lot of times you have to check in to ensure that everything is up to like whatever surveys, you need to do.
Richelle Direny: You will lock in that way. And then they will let me know and then we'll get on the screen. And that's for everything you're meeting with me. You're doing individuals or you're meeting with the arm. The nurse practitioner, the doctor.
Brock Simmons: Oh, do I put the two groups with you. And then how many, how many groups plus to individuals.
Richelle Direny: Well, the individual parts we will we will decide that at the end of our, our intake session.
Brock Simmons: So it's all
Richelle Direny: The groups will definitely be one. So every week.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. The groups are once a week, but with me once, once we go over everything will make a decision, towards the end. Okay.
Brock Simmons: All right.
Richelle Direny: Because I take into consideration. Everything I take into consideration work schedule, if you're already seen someone on the outside.
Richelle Direny: You know, I take into consideration. Now everything you always log into virtual so they know that you're there and then they'll let us know because we'll be sitting in this room waiting for you to show
Richelle Direny: We always ask that you're in, especially when you're in your group when you're in groups. There are other people that will be there that will be speaking about, you know, private things or whatever, they're just sharing
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: When you're in groups, we really ask that one that you're in an area that is private that you have on headphones, because you know you don't want anybody around to to hear what is going on and to you also want to always be in an area where you have the internet connection.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: And
Brock Simmons: Now I'm in the bedroom. So I don't have no distractions. I got kids. So I don't want them running around.
Richelle Direny: I'm right here. I got my door, and I don't have it, because I
Richelle Direny: Mean a lot office.
Brock Simmons: Buy a set of earbuds I don't have any of them at the moment, but that's no problem. I'll get them. So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: But especially when you're in the groups, it's definitely important. But like, I mean, I understand. I'm not going to be, you know, super critical and say, Hang on, because I don't have them on the end, but because I'm in an office.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, everybody. Yeah, so I definitely get that and I don't necessarily go with some things in mind. So, but as long as you keep it where it's in a private area, um,
Richelle Direny: And again for the internet connection. They are recorded sessions all sessions are recorded session. So for the most part it is confidential. It's only the people that are assigned to you.
Richelle Direny: That are, you know, will be privy to, you know, information, but
Richelle Direny: The only time that confidentially kind of walks through the door is if you ever expressed um thoughts or, you know, suggestions that you are a danger to yourself or someone else like you make any kind of threats, then, you know, naturally, that kind of goes through the door.
Richelle Direny: Right. All right, then. So let's get started in our little stem with our purpose of here now today.
Richelle Direny: It's not going to be an individual session, per se. It is just a gathering of information just a lot of asking questions background information and then towards the end, and then we will determine how often we do individuals. Okay.
Yep.
Brock Simmons: Just
Richelle Direny: You know you want to share how, how did you hear about bright heart.
Brock Simmons: It was actually a friend of mine that I've been going to therapy with that honestly care Mansfield, she recommended you guys and I was like, no. Why you gotta be kidding. But sure enough, you guys are real and legit so
Brock Simmons: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, in the friend. She does. She does break
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah, couple of them actually they all switched. I said, Well, I'm gonna try to make that switch myself.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Well, it's a pretty, you know, I have to say it's a pretty good program.
Richelle Direny: You know, everyone seems to really be invested in the program. Very different from being in a treatment program.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Now, wanting to treat
Brock Simmons: Um, I've been a treatment, off and on, probably since I've been at. I mean, I've been struggling with addiction for years and years off and on. I do good for a while and then I fall off. I started hanging around with the same friends again and
Brock Simmons: Eventually I just get back into the same cycles that I was in before so
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what are, what treatment center. What was the last time you were in a treatment program.
Brock Simmons: Well, these are all outpatient treatment, nothing. And is that what should we do. Yeah, I was in New Beginning to Mansfield, which is just pretty much counseling sessions we go three times a week.
Brock Simmons: For 90 days and then after that you dropped down to two days. We just basically took one day a week.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And that was the most recent one that you were in
Richelle Direny: What's that it's the most recent one. You were in
Brock Simmons: Yes, yes, holding hands and then those three C's is actually the most recent one. I was
Brock Simmons: No, no.
Brock Simmons: I got a card. If you need a phone number or anything like that. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, and what. So what was your drug of choice.
Brock Simmons: Which was heroin and opiates. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay not not alcohol just heroin.
Brock Simmons: And cocaine. I would say no alcohol. I mean, I've joined from time to time, but it's usually like a get together Christmas, maybe once a year that that i mean
Brock Simmons: I'm not a big
Thing.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and now how often did you use
Richelle Direny: With the heroin or cocaine or any opiates.
Brock Simmons: Opiates was every day. I mean, it was from the time I woke up, I had to have it and then from the time that I went to bed. I was pretty much if I had it. I would do it the cocaine wanting to study it was more of a more of a social thing.
Brock Simmons: A couple times a week. That's when I was bad when I really got into the rut.
Brock Simmons: But, you know, opiates and cocaine was really the biggest concern.
Richelle Direny: And you said that you started using when you were
Brock Simmons: No, actually, that's when I started receiving help for I've actually I started using cocaine. When I was probably 1314 opiates friends, a little bit later.
Brock Simmons: But that became my drug of choice, because really, you got to have it. I mean, he wake up, you gotta have going to be sick, so probably 13 with the cocaine. I'd say probably 17 with the opiates purpose sets at that time.
Richelle Direny: What was the like the onset, you said 13 so like, what was it, um, you know,
Brock Simmons: What I've got steady using yeah yeah but same time 17
Brock Simmons: That was what full blown addiction yes 17
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: You you grew up to me with, you know, single family household like mom or dad or just mom.
Brock Simmons: Mom and Dad both was together.
Brock Simmons: But they they get divorced. After some time, and that's really when the addiction started my mom and dad separated
Richelle Direny: How old are you when the suffering.
Brock Simmons: Well to 13 my mom and dad was together and then from 13 or they were split up so
Richelle Direny: I hit pretty hard.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Me and my sister. We both
Brock Simmons: Are addicts and it both started at the same time.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So it was a pretty pretty impactful when they be separated
Brock Simmons: Right. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. That's why I've pinpointed a down to my sister or deny and say that it wasn't, but
Brock Simmons: It was
Brock Simmons: born dead. Just a second.
Brock Simmons: But yeah
Brock Simmons: It's, it's been an adult off and on throughout
Brock Simmons: Growing up, I mean, I get clean for a year or two and then
Brock Simmons: A fall off and I'm only about a month into my sobriety. Now, from the time that I was full blown using again.
Richelle Direny: And this is has that's kind of been that cycle.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. For the past two to three years. A couple years by the last five years, I would
Brock Simmons: Do good cuz I got a wife and children. So they like should get fed up with my BS and then I'll leave and then that's really when I began to get bad loved
Hearing
Brock Simmons: I'm actually not married. We've been together 12 years I say my wife, because we've been together so long but we ain't married yet.
Brock Simmons: We're working on it though.
Richelle Direny: This, you want to get married.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. We both do or just she she don't use she's never done drugs and alive for saying so it's kind of hard for her to understand. So once I get going. Good for a while we're thinking about it. We're talking about it.
Brock Simmons: Well 12
Richelle Direny: Years long
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And how many children do you have
Brock Simmons: Um, I have to with her and then she has to from a previous relationship. So we have for all together.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and on the on the children them with you.
Brock Simmons: All the total with us. The two oldest are on their own, though, they're already grown and living with a boyfriend.
Brock Simmons: My oldest daughter lives by herself. So we got the two boys with us. Now, at the moment, not you, not you.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And when you said that your wife is are your
Brock Simmons: Girlfriend
Richelle Direny: She has no histories had no history of
Brock Simmons: No, none at all. And she, like I said, I drink every once in a while she does as well. So, have a drink Christmas or Fourth of July, something like that, but nothing that she's not a drinker at all. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now THROUGH THE YEARS OF of YOU, YOU KNOW, struggling with your sobriety. Have you had any incarcerations any miss me
Brock Simmons: Oh, absolutely. I probably have
Brock Simmons: A QUARTER OF MY LIFE locked up. I mean penitentiary to county jails. I've been numerous, numerous times I put him in count how many times, so
Richelle Direny: And, um, and you said you and your sister kind of traveled the same path.
Brock Simmons: Oh, yeah. Yeah, same exact we're really close grown up because after my mom and dad's foot up, it was just me and her. So we're pretty much identical
Brock Simmons: Besides the fact that she blamed it on other things, and I do so. I believe in all my parents splitting up she blames it on something that happened to as a child. So, but other than that we're saying the exact same
Richelle Direny: Okay, she a part of
Richelle Direny: The box on program right heart.
Brock Simmons: But she won't she won't get it. She don't like to survive. Since you don't like how it makes her feel we try to get the help and until she's ready. She's not going to get it so
Richelle Direny: And how long is this your first time I'm going on Suboxone or you've done in the past.
Brock Simmons: I've done it in the past several times in the past. I'll take home. They'll Weigh me down and then eventually do good for a while without them. And then just start using again.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and
Richelle Direny: How long you said you've been
Richelle Direny: In recovery now.
Brock Simmons: For this last yeah probably about six weeks, a month and a half. I've been buying some boxes off the street for a month.
Brock Simmons: To do.
Brock Simmons: Is to the heroin and all that. And I've just continued to taking so is either via them legally or
Brock Simmons: Continuing to do illegal activity to to get this up.
Richelle Direny: And when was the last time you didn't heroin.
Brock Simmons: Six weeks ago. So it's probably be the I don't know exactly when it was after Christmas or before Christmas. So right after Thanksgiving, that's when I decided to get playing visit Christmas coming up and stuff. It kind of hit me hard. Emotionally
Richelle Direny: So what about what about the holidays coming up made you decide, okay, no one I need to make
Brock Simmons: What about it, that, that's when I decided to make a change, you
Richelle Direny: Know, I know I said what what transpired. Like, what was the significance in
Brock Simmons: My wife, not being able to afford gifts for the children and stuff like that. And it just kind of she come and pick me up one day and we was talking, and she kind of broke down to me struggling financially wise because I worked. And I've always had held a job so
Brock Simmons: I'm pretty much just there. And then, and she was on the last leg, she was going to leave me stop seeing someone else made around forever so
Brock Simmons: I just decided to grow up and just get clean off the stuff like, I don't know, it's weird. I love the way it makes me feel, but also hate the person because
Brock Simmons: That makes sense to you probably don't.
Brock Simmons: It makes sense.
Richelle Direny: The idea of any type of you know drug that you do. You're suppressing an emotional feeling voices, whatever it is that you're going through whatever pain you're feeling, whatever the situation may be your little feeling. So when you say that you like the weight makes you feel
Richelle Direny: You away from those feelings that you don't want to feel so it's It numbs that it gets rid of that. But then the consequences of what you deal with afterwards is the z.
Richelle Direny: Oh, okay. I'm
Richelle Direny: So I'm glad you took that step.
Richelle Direny: To. Yeah. Let's hope it's not how, what was the longest that you'd ever maintain
Brock Simmons: Two years I've went to use of at total absence, um,
Brock Simmons: Well, the i mean i did drink a few times. I mean, like I said once a year or so, but other net total abstinence from heroin opiates was two years and then I relapsed again as well.
Brock Simmons: I forget what transpired. At that time it was all my grandmother had passed away and I just backed up. One night I just went often used and never got back to
Richelle Direny: Your, your grandmother
Brock Simmons: Oh, yeah, yeah. My grandmother and my grandfather. They're both dead now. So
Richelle Direny: What's that maternal or paternal
Brock Simmons: And maternal
Richelle Direny: Are both your parents are still alive.
Brock Simmons: No, my father passed away last year, my mother's still alive.
Brock Simmons: Well,
Richelle Direny: You said your mom and dad.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah, she's an addict as well.
Richelle Direny: And has always been all your life word just
Brock Simmons: No, not all my life, probably around the time that her and my dad divorced. She had fell down a flight of steps and had broken leg.
Brock Simmons: And then that's when she become addicted to the purchase sets and that's when I become stealing them from her. And that's how I become addicted to the purpose sets as well.
Richelle Direny: Well, you were living with her.
Richelle Direny: After you guys
Brock Simmons: Before. Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: Now, does your father have a history.
Brock Simmons: No. No, he didn't. I mean, he drank from time to time, but nothing like he depended on sort of everyday to maintain
Richelle Direny: So until from your for your, from your father. There was some alcohol abuse and mom was more opioid addiction. After you know
Brock Simmons: My dad drove semi so he had to be clean to work. So he would just straight from time to time. And that was, he never did anything
Richelle Direny: On the road.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, he would go on the road for weeks at a time and then come home and that's when him and my mother was doing good. So it was a good day.
Brock Simmons: I say
Richelle Direny: He was on the road working. It was good. But then he stopped and then it was just like, Okay.
Brock Simmons: A pretty much. Yeah. I mean, when he stopped going long distance like this and become low pause when my mom was having problems. He didn't. My mom griped about him being going for weeks at a time. So he decided to take the local route and that's when I knew things was pretty bad because
Brock Simmons: He was just barely hanging on to the relationship and stuff like that so
Richelle Direny: Your
Richelle Direny: Well before I move on to now. Do you have any history of mental illness.
Brock Simmons: No, no mental illness. No.
Richelle Direny: Nobody in your family has a history of mental illness.
Brock Simmons: No, no, Mommy. Bye, stuff like that. Is that what you're referring to is mental illness.
What would you
Brock Simmons: Like taking psych meds and stuff like that. Is that was no nobody
Richelle Direny: depression, bipolar disorder or anything like that. Oh no, not your parents and you're not your sister, nobody
Brock Simmons: No, not that I'm aware of, no.
Richelle Direny: Oh no, your children, they don't have any history of
Richelle Direny: You
Brock Simmons: Know,
Richelle Direny: No ever not for you or anyone else in the family. Is there any UM, YEAH, MAN, SAUCE or attempt of suicide.
Brock Simmons: No, no thought or no attempts know I did have a little spell. I first time I ever got locked up. I did say that I was going to because my girlfriend. But long story short, I got locked up and
Brock Simmons: I was trying to get out of jail because they wouldn't let me out. So I said it, but I never did follow through with any actions or nothing like that.
Brock Simmons: As when my family know
Brock Simmons: Where
Richelle Direny: You said you said it just to try to get out of here.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, because, as you said, well, back then, if you said that they would take you to the third floor of the hospital and then from the third floor of the hospital, you can leave. So that's what I was trying to get my way to the hospital.
Richelle Direny: didn't really realize like, that's not gonna work.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah, it was the messed up situation, but I never tried it again. I'll tell you that.
Richelle Direny: So, and is that the same person that you're in that you're aware
Brock Simmons: OH NO GOD, NO, NO, THIS IS LONG TIME AGO.
Richelle Direny: Now you said your father passed away. Did he fall passed away from like natural causes, or was he was, he
Brock Simmons: Yeah, he had small cell lung cancer.
Brock Simmons: Was within a year he died.
Richelle Direny: Was he a smoker. No.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah. He's a smoker.
Richelle Direny: And your mom doesn't have any illness or anything like that.
Brock Simmons: She has cancer as well.
Brock Simmons: Lung cancer at the moment.
Richelle Direny: And she's a smoker as well.
Brock Simmons: Yes, OK.
Richelle Direny: I see your smiling here. How often do you smell our
Brock Simmons: Time I wake up I spoke a couple packs.
Brock Simmons: I was gonna like it up, but I didn't know if you mind it or not. So I figured I just want
Brock Simmons: Your house. I know that, but I just didn't want to
Richelle Direny: Now are you currently in any type of or do you see like an outside therapist or in any kind of IP program.
Brock Simmons: Moment.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you don't. Well, that's right. You did say because of your work schedule so now
Richelle Direny: And earlier. You did say that there was a program that you were a part of that they, um, you weren't seeing a counselor.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: And that was how long ago.
Brock Simmons: I would say probably four or five months ago, I would volunteer just on my own. Time to go and talk to them because
Brock Simmons: Like I said, I've been in recovery for probably 15 years now. So I know a lot of the counselors around town and on the probation officers and stuff like that. So I would just go to group and just be us with everybody. So, probably, I'd say four or five months ago was the last time I
Brock Simmons: attended a session.
Brock Simmons: Really hard to keep up with all them and then work in and then the kids got appointments. It's just, it's, it's tough to keep that schedule.
Brock Simmons: I don't
Richelle Direny: Know that's I can, I can definitely understand
Richelle Direny: I'm
Now are you
Richelle Direny: Now, there was no with your children. I know you said there's no history of mental illness, no history of drug use there no history of past thoughts of suicide attempts, or anything like that would come on. Right.
Brock Simmons: Though there is no drug use, as we know what the two oldest. I mean, they are out on our own right now. I mean, we are a part of their life every day. But I mean, as of right now. No, there is nothing that we are aware of
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you're free you're all pretty cool. So you're pretty involved.
Brock Simmons: Oh, yeah. And we talked to him every day we go and see him or they come here, one of the two. Yeah, every day.
Richelle Direny: Were you born and raised in Ohio.
Brock Simmons: No, I was not born in Ohio. I was born in West Virginia, and then I moved to Ohio at probably the age of five. And I've been here ever since.
Richelle Direny: Now are you older than your sister is your sister older than you.
Brock Simmons: I'm the oldest I'm older than my sister.
Richelle Direny: And you guys still maintain a pretty good relationship.
Brock Simmons: On. No, not the past year to know with me struggling with my addiction and trying to get clean. We feed on each other. We
Brock Simmons: She sells drugs for 11 that's how she gets high every day. So it's best for me just to stay away from her to moment. So, I mean, I still over the phone and stuff like that. She but I don't hang around with her or anything like that. How
Richelle Direny: Does she look far or she was
Brock Simmons: She actually lives. Two roads down
Richelle Direny: Now, how are you able to
Richelle Direny: Get through it because she lives so close. She is a dealer.
Richelle Direny: And knowing that you're still very early in your recovery.
Brock Simmons: I pretty much stay busy with my time. I work, I come home, I
Brock Simmons: Pretty much just focus on my kids. Instead of worrying about, you know, I used to worry about my sister all the time because that was my job.
Brock Simmons: Was to protect my sister and stuff like that. But now that I have kids of my own. I just try to focus on them instead of her and just let her live her life and I live on. So staying busy is my biggest problem.
Brock Simmons: If I stay busy on okay but the minute I have a lot of idle time on my hands is when I started messing up so
Richelle Direny: Okay, and how about older ru
Brock Simmons: Four years.
Richelle Direny: And how old are your children.
Brock Simmons: My children or my oldest is going to be
Brock Simmons: The two girls and which is not mind. One is
Brock Simmons: My son's about to be 18 and then my youngest is 12 so he's want to be 12 he's 11 going to be 12
Richelle Direny: Also your oldest son is 18
Brock Simmons: He will be 18 in September of this year. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. And so you and you're the person you're with. That's your children together.
Brock Simmons: Yes. The two boys or do
Richelle Direny: You guys have been together 20 years and you have an 18 year old son.
Brock Simmons: Well, that I take that back. Yeah, he is not the mother I have full custody of him. He's to another relationship. I'm sorry.
Brock Simmons: Yeah yeah
Brock Simmons: Yeah, sorry about that.
Richelle Direny: Okay, like, Oh, you thought about her 18 years
Brock Simmons: I'm just so used to tell them, people that just, you know, because she is his mother, he's
Richelle Direny: Know, of course, like you said, the tool, year two daughters, even though it's there for children who refer to her as them.
Richelle Direny: Boys, I'm like, Okay. Then he found right
Brock Simmons: Yeah, all right, at all. I apologize, but
Richelle Direny: Ok ok um
Richelle Direny: OK. So, and they're doing all of them as you know what they're doing really well.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Yep. Don't. Excellent. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now one of the things like as you were expounding I'm trying to what helps you to maintain your recovery for right now, what tool. The tool you're using right now is for you to stay busy find something to help you stay busy. And what is that
Brock Simmons: I'm working
Brock Simmons: I know we have a lot of activities, you know, to house and hobbies that we like to do model cars we build a lot
Brock Simmons: Me and my son's do we get into that a lot. Me and my youngest son, we get into coloring a lot. We'd like to color.
Brock Simmons: Just all kinds of stuff. I mean, we go Friday nights we have out, we'll go to the movies or something. When I get off work and just all kinds of different things, really, we do. Just stay busy and spend time together so
Brock Simmons: Actually, it works for me.
Richelle Direny: Now, and that's your does your wife smash.
Richelle Direny: Your common law wife. That's what you're
Brock Simmons: Right there, you oh yeah
Richelle Direny: Um, does she go to al anon or any kind of
Brock Simmons: You did it one time. Yes, she did. Probably 10 years back. She we went to that course and
Brock Simmons: Because
Brock Simmons: I don't know how to explain it, and she wanted. I wanted. She wanted me to see what my Dixon did to have. So we decided to both take that together and we did, but he'll recently we haven't went back
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, but in, you're not in any kind of you don't go to any kind of meetings.
Brock Simmons: No, no. Not here lately. No.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, so there's nothing like organization that you guys are a part of, or that you go, anything like that for any kind of encouragement or motivation kind of help.
Brock Simmons: No, we go to church every Sunday. And that's about it.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's an organization that's
Brock Simmons: Right, I
Brock Simmons: Was saying, yeah, we go to church once a week, Sunday that. But other than that, no meetings or anything like that, through the church or nothing.
Richelle Direny: So some churches, they do offer like recovery support.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, they do. I just tried to keep that out of the
Brock Simmons: Church life. I try not to let everybody know my business. I don't know if that makes sense to you.
Brock Simmons: And, uh, I don't know, low key drug addicts, you should say, I just, I don't like my business to be in October 720 so we just try to pretend like
Brock Simmons: Everything's okay. I don't know if that makes any sense to you, but
Richelle Direny: It makes sense. But I guess over time as we continue meeting.
Richelle Direny: Will
Brock Simmons: Yeah, but not at my home church. I would rather not so
Brock Simmons: Tend to others, you
Richelle Direny: Will be judged is
Richelle Direny: Part of the reason why
Brock Simmons: But yeah, I don't know what it is. It's just, I've always been like that.
Brock Simmons: So to keep
Richelle Direny: Keep it on the hush hush.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, pretty much. I mean, I don't know. It's strange. I just I just them to
I
Richelle Direny: I'm now.
Richelle Direny: In you and your, your, your whole family. You're pretty active in the church, or just you just come and just go to church.
Brock Simmons: Youngest he's pretty he's after week, but the other older ones. A hitting the two girls not at all anymore 17 year old. He's hitting this probably
Brock Simmons: Have he'll go two days of the month we'll go two weeks out of a month, but he's starting to just doing his own thing. Now, too. So he
Brock Simmons: I don't showing for. I mean, if you don't want to go. He doesn't have to. So
Richelle Direny: That's that's completely okay as well. Now, what is your hope.
Richelle Direny: In terms of
Richelle Direny: What would you like to, like, what is your goal. What would you like to work.
Richelle Direny: On
Brock Simmons: During your, your rooted maintain my sobriety and then
Brock Simmons: I mean, if we're going to continue to meet once a week. I mean another goal is I'd like to get my GED is something that me and my girlfriend's been talking about. So maybe I can strive towards that be a small goal for me and you doin i mean
Brock Simmons: Yeah, absolutely. Something that I've been wanting to do I pass the pre GD but every time I go to take that test. It's like, I can't pass. It's like, What the hell, man. I think I get nervous and I'm in a hurry. I don't know. I don't know why, but that's just how it is.
Richelle Direny: Maybe it's maybe a lot of anything is is anxiety.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I get excited that I can't go to Walmart, unless it's later in the evening. I do have anxiety for that. And I explained that to Dr. Austin sheets.
Brock Simmons: I think we just brushed it off and got to another subject and never to talk about it, but I'm going to talk about it on the next meeting, and hopefully get something out now.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like you haven't really bad if you have to go to Walmart in the evenings.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, well, I don't know about where you live, but we're from. It's like, oh, my job. I mean, it's shoulder to shoulder with people is just bad.
Richelle Direny: I go to Walmart because it's um it's cheaper.
Richelle Direny: Right Walmart does get me a little edgy sometimes because he's always packed and then the lines are never open lines are never open
Brock Simmons: Yeah, you got all them people and then they got three lines open. It's like, What in the world, man. I do the same crap.
Richelle Direny: Me go to Walmart and do I need to go to the register go work go do something
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah. I don't understand that. But we have checkout now. So we'll get to that.
Richelle Direny: I agree.
Richelle Direny: But I love the fall, check out. I get in and out.
Brock Simmons: Right. Yeah, as long as we don't if we got 12 items or less. I'll go do the self checkout. Now she's going grocery shopping
Brock Simmons: rather have them scan it and
Richelle Direny: Yes, but then getting your GED, it's a it's a good thing. Um, maybe just the whole idea of having
Richelle Direny: Anxiety. It's a real thing. It does.
Richelle Direny: See, and if you can identify how it is becoming an issue in your day to day life, then it can be a diagnosable mental illness and sometimes people like the whole stigma against mental illness like we all have mental breakdowns. We all get overwhelmed.
Richelle Direny: Where it becomes a diagnosable don't nice is when it becomes an issue or it's affecting your day to day life.
Brock Simmons: Knowing that considered a mental illness as a tool. Yes. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Generalized Anxiety you you have generalized anxiety. Um, but it is considered a mental illness in there.
Richelle Direny: Right, depending on how severe there is medication that you can take to help with it, but
Richelle Direny: It's just identifying where like their social anxiety, where there's the fear of being around people on reason the fear of being judged a fear of being looked at a certain way. So their social social anxiety. I'm
Brock Simmons: Pretty much all of them. I mean, the way it sounds, my wife's been want me to talk to somebody about it and I just really haven't had the time to just get older.
Brock Simmons: So hopefully, uh, Miss Austin can help me on the next visit. I am going to mention it to her so
Richelle Direny: Just talk to her about it didn't express like exactly like how is it affecting your, you know, how is it affecting you. Like, do you find yourself where like the person who has a panic attack that is a form of anxiety.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So it's not a form of shirts, a form is anxiety. Like you just get overwhelmed. Like, you can't be around a large crowd of people
Richelle Direny: Are you feel like you can't breathe. You feel like you're being spiteful. That's where you're thinking about an anxiety attack, but their anxiety is or it isn't mental illness. It's a real thing.
Brock Simmons: Okay.
Richelle Direny: There are different forms of it.
Richelle Direny: So if it is something that is affecting you and where you find, like you said you don't do certain things until a certain time because of the thought. But with even the test anxiety.
Richelle Direny: It's where you freeze them. It's like, even though you know the information right in that moment your heart rate increases, you get the sweaty palms and it's like, you can't focus on anything anymore.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, and I get that quite often too. I mean I overcome it somewhat, but at the same. It's just very uncomfortable. I mean, it's
Richelle Direny: It's like the fear of it.
Richelle Direny: When taking a test like fear of failure. You feel like you're going to fail you feel like you're a failure. So it's the fear.
Richelle Direny: So, yeah. So is this something that you can speak to her about. Now when it comes on to maybe
Richelle Direny: I don't know if she would be able to. Because my understanding, I think she's a nurse practitioner, she should be able to write a prescription for
Brock Simmons: Miss Austin practitioner, I believe.
Richelle Direny: That's what I was told I believe so.
Brock Simmons: Okay, he might be right. I thought she was yet. My wife said that the other day and I haven't corrected her. I thought she was a doctor. Doctor psychiatrist or yeah
Brock Simmons: Okay, yeah, I'm done. I did go through the blood work. I don't know if I should tell you until
Richelle Direny: When you, when you checked in and then
Richelle Direny: When you checked in. That's where they would have seen
Brock Simmons: Okay, yeah, so
Brock Simmons: But I'm all up to date. I'll just get used to this face to face over the phone. I know the next time I want to have a little stand where I could sit my phone on and then I don't have to hold it the whole time and then
Brock Simmons: At the end, but that would be a lot better to I can share better. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now, now I know you said that you wanted to work on, you know, your small goals is to get your GED. And then you also said that you would like
Richelle Direny: You know, maintain your sobriety. So when when a person like everyone in the program that's kind of their goal is to be
Brock Simmons: The main so it's
Richelle Direny: What what our I'm
Richelle Direny: Outside of like the GED which God is more of a long term goal you kind of work towards that, because that's a long term goal.
Richelle Direny: Short term is where you say, okay, in the next month, you're going to go take the test long term. It's like, you know what, by, let's say the summer, I want to be able to get my GED. And then you start working towards that you start making plans in preparation to doing that.
Right.
Richelle Direny: What are some other goals like what are some other things that you would like to get out of what in your mind when you say okay, I want to be a part of Braveheart based on what others have told me was in the program. What would you like to work on while you're in
Brock Simmons: I know my health is one. I don't know what that'd be a long term goal. Oh, can I be a short term goal as well.
Richelle Direny: It's your turn. When you say your health, what, how
Brock Simmons: Um, I actually, I have hepatitis B my use of opiates.
Brock Simmons: Been wanting to get the medicine that they have out for it which
Brock Simmons: I haven't scheduled appointment or anything like that. I've never been good at the gold thing. So this is kind of confusing today a little bit so
But you're
Richelle Direny: You're doing
Richelle Direny: That will be a long term goal because then you can make it short term in the sense that it is a long term goal over time as it's related to your health.
Richelle Direny: Or term heart everything of goal is just something that you're working towards you say these are the things that I want. I ultimately want to have and
Brock Simmons: Keep my appointments with you guys and like to just keep make sure that I'm maintain responsibility, you know, because I've never been good at keeping appointments or anything like that. That's another goal. I mean,
Brock Simmons: I'm I have good intentions, but like I said, it's just when I have that downtime as what I really started messing up so
Richelle Direny: Okay, so keeping active getting involved in it sounds like you're doing pretty good getting involved with your family.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah. They keep me saying it really the I mean they're not the only reason why I want to be clean. But, I mean, it's definitely a big motivation.
Richelle Direny: Um, I mean I wouldn't let me see.
Richelle Direny: Oh you have Medicaid right
Brock Simmons: Yes care source. Yeah, Medicaid. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So based on looking on your insurance and I don't see that you have a culprit.
Richelle Direny: I would recommend
Richelle Direny: If it is what is, you know, this is my recommendation ultimately make the decision. I would recommend, of course, outside of the weekly groups that you will attend and they haven't set that in stone is yet so they're still working on it.
Richelle Direny: But I would recommend weekly one on one individual therapy.
Richelle Direny: That would be with me. I do the individuals. And I also run the group with Miss Austin.
Brock Simmons: OK. OK.
Richelle Direny: So I would recommend that. And given that you said that your schedule is Monday or Tuesday through Saturday.
Brock Simmons: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so we can meet on Monday, if that's better for you.
Brock Simmons: Sure. Do you have
Brock Simmons: Evenings available. I mean, it'd be better.
Brock Simmons: Anytime after 12 o'clock, as long as I can sleep till noon. Like, I tell my wife, I'm fine. But I like to listen.
Richelle Direny: For you.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, so whenever yeah evenings would be better. So, okay, let's get, let's get
Richelle Direny: To it. So I'm going to schedule you and then I'm, what I'm going to schedule your next appointment. I'll send out a reminder
Richelle Direny: And. And at that point, we
Richelle Direny: Will talk a little bit more about the goals. Okay.
Brock Simmons: What's that
Richelle Direny: Next time we'll develop your treatment plan.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: We're actually gonna have to push you.
Richelle Direny: Let's do our next session on the 10th.
Richelle Direny: At
Richelle Direny: Six o'clock.
Brock Simmons: Six o'clock. Perfect.
Brock Simmons: Jet February, so we're to
Brock Simmons: Be there. I will be ready. I'll have earbuds this time so
Brock Simmons: I know you said mainly for group, but I'm gonna go ahead and get a pair of just so I can hear better because I am party here so
Richelle Direny: Okay, do you have any other questions for me.
Brock Simmons: Nope.
Brock Simmons: Alright.
Richelle Direny: So do you have your when you meet again for
Richelle Direny: With Austin.
Brock Simmons: Austin is two weeks from yesterday, so I will be me. I have it wrote down
Okay.
Brock Simmons: But I do have it. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. And I think bird Hartwell they will let you know when the groups will be scheduled. Okay.
Richelle Direny: I think you froze.
Brock Simmons: Are you there. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you were frozen for a second.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I don't know what yeah
Richelle Direny: Right heart will let you know when the groups will start
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Brock Simmons: And that is what once a week as well. Oh, what did you say
Richelle Direny: Groups are once a week. The groups are
Brock Simmons: One one individual. And then one group, a week. Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: Now, not for me for the for the individual. That's what I'm recommending it every other week. I mean, it's what's best for you, but I'm recommending once a week.
Brock Simmons: That's fine. That works for me.
Richelle Direny: In your recovery and, you know, like with the anxiety and just kind of whatever stressors.
Richelle Direny: I just based on just talking to you now outside of the anxiety.
Richelle Direny: You have a limited ability to cope with stressors.
Richelle Direny: And I think individual therapy once a week, we can work on identifying those and you know getting through it and even though you've had therapy in the past.
Richelle Direny: Based on my assessment, just in this little time that I've spoken to you. It doesn't sound like you've ever really talked about some past hurt and things that you've gone through
Brock Simmons: But to
Richelle Direny: tailspin he lacks that you've had.
Brock Simmons: And you're right. I have my wife says the same thing. There's a lot of things that I need to talk about that all I'll mention on to her. But other than that, I'll blow it off and I don't. So if you are correct.
Brock Simmons: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, holding all of that in. And when it becomes overwhelming you lose, you lose all sense of control and what you use to control those thoughts and emotions that are unsettling. It's you use the the heroin or whatever it is that you use to
Suppress
Brock Simmons: The
Richelle Direny: Little time. I'm with you. It doesn't sound like you've ever really learnt to address it and work through it and get it out and talk about it in processing.
Richelle Direny: Especially even processing, even the last, the biggest loss, you've had in life was when your parents split apart and all that was surrounding that.
Richelle Direny: I think you froze again.
As we speak, but
Brock Simmons: You
Richelle Direny: Froze for a little bit.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, so I'm I think it's my phone not charging properly, it was close to be in debt is what I mean. So I'll make sure it starts next time and we won't have this problem.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Well, at least I happened towards the very end of our time.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, so like I said let me get used to this video stuff and then we should be good to go.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So I'll send you a reminder on the night before our session.
Richelle Direny: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: You're Welcome. Have a good one.
Brock Simmons: You too. Bye bye.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Can you hear me now.
Richelle Direny: So what happened. What did you do differently.
Crystal Gatwood: Nothing. Honestly, nothing. I don't know what happened there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know nothing different. I didn't do anything different on my end. So, so what happened. You forgot
Richelle Direny: Did you get my my message yesterday.
No, sorry.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because I had sent you a
Richelle Direny: Message I sent you a message I sent it both by text and email that your session was at seven so
Richelle Direny: I was wondering if you back.
Crystal Gatwood: Down 730 and I was writing it down as they were telling me my, I don't know how I got that mixed up. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: I don't know. No worries. No worries.
Richelle Direny: I think there's a delay in you hearing me
Crystal Gatwood: Um, I don't know how much of a big delay it is, but I can hear you just fine. Oh. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. One moment. Let me open up a screen to get you started.
Richelle Direny: Your first time with bright heart.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: How did you hear about bright hearth.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, I was just googling
Crystal Gatwood: Or
Crystal Gatwood: At that point was kind of like in
Crystal Gatwood: A little bit of desperation.
Crystal Gatwood: Feelings, the box doctors near me.
Crystal Gatwood: And then you can click on
Richelle Direny: Okay, before I move forward. Let me go over just kind of everything with you. So, typically with
Richelle Direny: Given that this is telemedicine are Tele you know Tele health
Richelle Direny: All of our sessions are going to be recorded. It will be through this
Richelle Direny: Platform, you will always check in, first with virtual clinic I let me check. I'm going to bring it up to see if we have the correct phone number. And if you have an email address on file with us. Because typically, that's how I try to send reminders of our schedule appointments
Crystal Gatwood: To me just, they just my phone number with them so they might not have it in there. Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm gonna double check.
You said you did you just changed it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, well I'm going to double check to see what they have in here. Um, but also our sessions. I just said, our sessions are recorded so
Richelle Direny: You know, anything that you share that is suggesting that you are a danger to yourself or someone else then confidentiality kind of goes out the door at that point.
Richelle Direny: But for the most part, everything is confidential. The only thing that we asked
Richelle Direny: Um, it's a brave heart policy, but just even those for you know the clinician myself or, you know, for the provider that you're meeting with is that you're in a place where you have the internet connection, because of course we're doing all of this over.
Richelle Direny: Wi Fi. So you just have internet connection for the 45 minutes to an hour that you're me
Richelle Direny: And that one for the group's you will be attending groups once per week on bright heart has not established when the groups will be yet. I think they're still working on ironing out everybody knows when the groups are
Richelle Direny: But when they tell you you will meet that same date and time every week, unless we tell you it's cancelled for whatever the reason is
Richelle Direny: It's sometimes it gets cancelled if group just happens to fall on a holiday like a Thanksgiving or something like that, then they'll get Kim sort of course because it falls on a Thursday.
Richelle Direny: Um, I think that's kind of where they're heading for a Thursday. Um, but outside of that for groups, especially we do ask that.
Richelle Direny: Um, you have a headset in if you're not going to be in a private place and we do ask that you have headsets in just for the privacy of everybody that will be in the group.
Richelle Direny: So, so like when you meet with me, it will be one on one like this when you meet with Miss Austin will be one on one. But in groups, you'll see multiple people on the screen and you know there'll be sharing so they really just ask that you have in a headset. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And the purpose of for the group's, it would be myself or miss Austin will be doing it together. Of course, it's based on our availability, what we'll be doing it together. And part of that is you're checking in to pretty much go over with her, um,
Richelle Direny: You know the spring so she can order your prescription for the following week, um, you tell her what's been going on here, kind of like a medication check. And that's really what it is a medication, along with that I usually run a group, along with it. Okay. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So okay, so you have any questions so far.
Crystal Gatwood: No, not yet. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so the number I have here is 740-407-9062
Crystal Gatwood: That's right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and the email I have is
Richelle Direny: Get what a seat at 19 now.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, although I wasn't really on my email yesterday, but now that I'm with like in touch with bright heart that I'm going to be checking on checking it regularly.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Usually I like to send just so I don't have the issues of, you know, the no shows or what have you, because they forgot, or what have you. It's that I'll try to send a reminder through text or email.
Richelle Direny: I'm of
Richelle Direny: Your session and
Richelle Direny: You know, I just I just asked just for courtesy. I just asked that if you're not going to be able to make it.
Crystal Gatwood: Life happens
Richelle Direny: For humans things come up. Hmm.
What
Crystal Gatwood: I said, Yeah, yeah. I said, you probably are asking for, like, a
Richelle Direny: Deal. Yes, just to say it or if even if you confirm, so like say you confirm
Richelle Direny: Because I sent out yesterday. Something happened today, just send a message to Hey Michelle. I'm not going to be able to make it. Because what happens is I sit here and I just wait for you to come. It's like, can you sitting and waiting
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: So just out there.
Richelle Direny: If you're not going to make it is just a hairbrush. I'm not going to make it so that I'm not sitting watching the screen waiting for you to show up, you know,
Richelle Direny: I'm in even with group just send a message in virtual clinic to let them know you're not going to make it, because whatever the situation is, but you still need your, your, your script to be sense. Okay.
Richelle Direny: But I'm like I said, the groups will be once a week. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So in us getting started. Now, now that we've gotten kind of all of that.
Richelle Direny: If you want, how you got started. What brought out how you heard about it was that hold on. No, it's a my internet
Richelle Direny: Okay, you said how you heard about it was you were Googling Suboxone programs.
Richelle Direny: Have you been on Suboxone before
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I just
Crystal Gatwood: Fell like in a hardship right now, just in a rough spot and I ended up losing my only vehicle and I was trying to rely on other people to give me right but we all know how that works out ended up missing to me appointment and I was left with no
Crystal Gatwood: Matter.
Crystal Gatwood: So I started Googling you know Suboxone doctors near me is what I think I put in and actually write our was the first thing
Richelle Direny: Okay, and so you said it's the first thing that popped up. And so the convenience of it.
Richelle Direny: Being telemedicine. It works for you.
Crystal Gatwood: Absolutely yeah like this perfect like because I have no vehicle right now.
Crystal Gatwood: Like it was just like
Richelle Direny: You said it was like a what
Crystal Gatwood: Like a DOD sense, as I said, Yeah, okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, now
Richelle Direny: Now, what was your drug of choice. Was it just opiates alcohol. Like, what was your drug of choice.
Crystal Gatwood: Just opiates. Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: When did I start
Crystal Gatwood: Well,
Crystal Gatwood: I'm going to say, I very, very first started getting introduced even to opiates. When I was a
Crystal Gatwood: Junior sophomore, junior, senior in high school.
Crystal Gatwood: You got
Crystal Gatwood: Into your very first opiate I ever took
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, and school
Crystal Gatwood: Very first movie I ever take that's how it all started.
Richelle Direny: So it wasn't like anything that was going on. It was just like you were just introduced like socialization with your friends.
Crystal Gatwood: Say there wasn't anything going on me like just in my personal life. Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh yeah, I have a lot of my personal life just, I mean stems from childhood.
Crystal Gatwood: I had a really bad childhood, so
Crystal Gatwood: I think that has a lot to do with it. Honestly, like
Crystal Gatwood: And
Richelle Direny: So when I
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Crystal Gatwood: As I tell you to go ahead
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, so basically
Richelle Direny: When you were introduced to the opiates. It was kind of
Richelle Direny: An escape for you.
Crystal Gatwood: Absolutely, yes.
Richelle Direny: Um, now, what was your like for the opiate. What was your opening choice, did you do to air heroin percocet feels like. What was it for you.
Um,
Crystal Gatwood: Well, I said, I started off with the Tramadol and I just basically escalated to like it in two purposes to the oxy cotton back when they were out, you know, and
Crystal Gatwood: And then when those
Crystal Gatwood: Pills get too high on the street or whatever and then comes the heroines lot cheaper and for some reason I've always steered away from heroin. Yes, I've done it like
Crystal Gatwood: I just, I've seen too many people lose everything over that and i i don't know i just
I have
Crystal Gatwood: Been like
Crystal Gatwood: Heroin either on the frequent dose, like a free plan, you know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: You weren't you try you try, let's just use
Crystal Gatwood: Your, your goal to get like a call I would go get it.
Crystal Gatwood: And if I couldn't find anything but it wasn't like my first get into gotcha, gotcha.
Richelle Direny: Um, now was alcohol ever something that you struggled with.
Crystal Gatwood: No.
Richelle Direny: Have you ever been in any treatment programs.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, how many, how many treatment programs. Have you been in and one was your most recent
Crystal Gatwood: Um, are we talking about inpatient or outpatient
Richelle Direny: Either one.
Crystal Gatwood: Or the
Crystal Gatwood: Other so
Crystal Gatwood: I mean my most recent one would just be, I would say my previous Suboxone doctor
Crystal Gatwood: They basically had a program. I had to do counseling. I just need a doctor.
Crystal Gatwood: And
Crystal Gatwood: You know we are drug tested. So I would consider that a program outpatient program. And I've also tried
Crystal Gatwood: The literal shot.
Crystal Gatwood: And that was back in 2017
Richelle Direny: And so the most recent program, you said, um, how long ago was that
Crystal Gatwood: Um, I only went maybe two weeks, like in between my previous doctor and then getting on with you guys.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so the setup was like this, but it wasn't, it was at a physical location.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, I had to drive there. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but it was, it didn't. You're saying it the whole thing. You just went for a complete, total of two weeks and then that was it.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm well. The two weeks. And what about two weeks is what I meant was that a doctor. I'm just saying, like, that's how current like that's how previous it was, and was there for probably a year.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you were with them for about a year. You're saying
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And how long have you
Richelle Direny: Been sober. How long have you been
Crystal Gatwood: Um,
Crystal Gatwood: I've been on
Crystal Gatwood: Suboxone for a little over a year now.
Crystal Gatwood: But
Crystal Gatwood: I had a slip almost two months now, but it wasn't obvious.
Crystal Gatwood: It wasn't my drug of choice, like it was just like a, you know, stupid.
Richelle Direny: What was it
Richelle Direny: That you relapse on what was it,
Crystal Gatwood: It was freaking mess is what everyone call it. I hate using the word methods Mafi.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know why.
Richelle Direny: So, and that was your first time trying it.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah. Oh.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So, so you've been sober for the last two months.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, correct.
Richelle Direny: And what was going on at the time when you because you said it wasn't your drug of choice. So you didn't have against
Richelle Direny: Access to you, who is where you tried mess as a fill in as a filler. So what was going on at that time for you.
Crystal Gatwood: I there was
Crystal Gatwood: I didn't. There was something to happen with my doctor, like we sometimes my appointment and when I was out of my medicine for a few days, it was there was a long weekend. And so I went all you know four days without my meds for five days without them. And I had some pretty hard traumatic.
Crystal Gatwood: Like personal things going on, starting
Crystal Gatwood: And it was just so readily like easy available. Good. I don't want just, I didn't even go out and get it. It just kind of came to me. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Okay, friends.
Crystal Gatwood: And I was somebody a brand that I have not seen in a while, see me.
Crystal Gatwood: And
Crystal Gatwood: Like we just kind of bumped into each other and then I didn't even know they were
Crystal Gatwood: You know, doing anything like that. So I invited her and her daughter, because I have a little one, too. I invited them over for dinner. And that way, it's the play and
Crystal Gatwood: Kind of
Crystal Gatwood: She
Crystal Gatwood: Like she was my bathroom, which I like yellow for me and she's like, hey, do you want any of this. And for some stupid reason I did.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean I wouldn't do it so
Richelle Direny: You know, when you say it's a stupid reason it's it wasn't stupid for you at the time because it was the answer to the way for you to cope. But what you were going through at that time.
Crystal Gatwood: I think it was. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Cuz you said that you were on like a
medic then
Crystal Gatwood: The personal and
Crystal Gatwood: So I'm kind of still going through the personal things trying to pick up, you know, put my life back together.
Richelle Direny: So do you still think you're in a vulnerable state.
Crystal Gatwood: I mean, I
Crystal Gatwood: Cut the ties there. And then I
Crystal Gatwood: Spoke more talk to her.
Crystal Gatwood: So see it. I don't really hear about it. I don't really
Crystal Gatwood: I don't really go big, and for that either, you know,
Crystal Gatwood: I usually do really good if I just have my medicine like I'm usually pretty good.
Crystal Gatwood: We like my vehicle. My only vehicle and
Crystal Gatwood: That was just like a domino effect of like everything around me like losing my whole stability.
Crystal Gatwood: You know, I lost my car. So I could make it to work. And if I'm not working on not have any money coming in of not having my camera down. I can't pay the rent is that, you know, just going to go on.
Richelle Direny: Before
Richelle Direny: Abdominal. It's like a catalyst. You can't pay the rent. You can't go grocery shopping. You can't money. Kind of makes us the answer to all of our problems, some degree, but it also gets us in trouble. But I definitely get what you're saying.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm now. You did say do you live. Are you a single person you live alone.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now I did hear you say you had a
Son
Crystal Gatwood: I have a little one. Yeah, I'm
Crystal Gatwood: He pretty much stays between me and my dad's house because we live so close together.
Crystal Gatwood: Helps me with, you know, if I had to leave before he goes to school drop him off of my dad's out ideal.
Richelle Direny: Okay. How old is he
Crystal Gatwood: He's five
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you're not in currently in a relationship right now. Right.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm honestly it's really rocky right now. Father.
Crystal Gatwood: Think I'm just to the point where I've just had enough.
Richelle Direny: Is that adding to the lot of your frustration in your current stressors that's going on right now.
Crystal Gatwood: Actually, I think it would help it like
Crystal Gatwood: I think it would be better if we just, you know, went our separate ways.
It's you.
Crystal Gatwood: Know,
Richelle Direny: Never have any history of addiction.
Crystal Gatwood: I didn't like understand what you said it kind of
Richelle Direny: I don't know if you're free. If I don't know if when I'm speaking like I'm delayed or freezing. But I know you're freezing like you're coming through so much happening. So your internet connection is not very stable.
Richelle Direny: Now is asking me, does he have a history of addiction.
Crystal Gatwood: No, he does not
Richelle Direny: You know what, do me a favor, um,
Richelle Direny: Let me see if this makes it better, because sometimes some for some odd reason they said it makes it better. I'm not mute your screen mute your block yourself, your turn off your camera, you know, hey, press the camera button. So it just shows your name.
Richelle Direny: Try that. And
Richelle Direny: Try that. Because sometimes it makes it wait
Crystal Gatwood: Wait a minute.
Crystal Gatwood: No, I'm in the big box. Oh, wait.
Crystal Gatwood: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: All I see is your name, no, yeah, no, you don't see me.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I see you but like i don't see my name. I see your name.
Richelle Direny: Okay, no, but on you know on your video camera touch the video camera camera it's going to take. I won't be able to see you. Once you touch the video camera touch the video camera.
Crystal Gatwood: Oh, sees a video cameras not there now.
Richelle Direny: If you touch your screen, you don't see a cop.
Richelle Direny: Okay, let me try to stop us. It says stop video that's
All
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. Let me see if that makes it a little bit better. Um, so I was asking you if he had in the history of addiction.
Crystal Gatwood: No, he does not
Richelle Direny: It. Oh my god, stopping the camera. Now I can hear you. You're freezing
Richelle Direny: If you're ever mean with anyone, and in they tell you that you're freezing a lot, try to stop your video. Sometimes, however it does sometimes that helps
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so. But you said that he, he, is he involved with your son as well or no.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, yeah, he's involved. We don't have like a court order anything. This is all fresh what's going on so
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Um, now let's move on to like mental health. Do you have any history of mental illness.
Crystal Gatwood: And I do
Crystal Gatwood: I had
Crystal Gatwood: I'm diagnosed with PTSD.
Crystal Gatwood: Anxiety.
Crystal Gatwood: Bipolar two, and then later.
Crystal Gatwood: On but I don't know bipolar to is kind of like
Crystal Gatwood: Saying thing as saying I'm depressed. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: You're the first person who actually said that. That is very true.
Richelle Direny: Everybody. Look, I have Bipolar two, and depression, it could come
right up in there.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so do you see a psychiatrist.
Crystal Gatwood: I used to which I was actually thinking about today, giving her a call. I'm like, with my PTs and I see her kind of when I need to type basis and just with everything one on one.
Crystal Gatwood: And probably wouldn't be bad. You know, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Yes, yes, yes. Um,
Richelle Direny: Yes, my conscious or your, are you on any kind of psychotropic medication.
Crystal Gatwood: Or just antidepressants consider those or all of that is considered an
Richelle Direny: Oppressive back. It's an anti depressant. What are you on anything for the PTSD.
Crystal Gatwood: Or the bipolar goal. Let's see. I take pristiq
Crystal Gatwood: Um, which is kind of like a mood stabilizer anti depression and then I take Abilify
Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: And then I take like a low very low dose, because I'm on Suboxone I take a very low dose Xanax one meeting.
Richelle Direny: Okay, yes. So because of the mood stabilizer.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like you're on antidepressants. And so, and who prescribes it your regular doctor or psychiatrist.
Crystal Gatwood: My family doctor
Richelle Direny: Okay. And so, you haven't seen a psychiatrist in the past.
Crystal Gatwood: I have seen sliders. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I would definitely recommend you know when you're able to
Richelle Direny: I'm going back to senior high contrast. I know right now with transportation and everything. It makes it a little difficult, but
Crystal Gatwood: Ray.
Crystal Gatwood: Such a waiting list. It's crazy.
Richelle Direny: It is it is anywhere that you're in is the first. I don't know why, for a psychiatrist, the waiting list. It's ridiculous.
Richelle Direny: Yes, beyond ridiculous.
Richelle Direny: Now you said
Richelle Direny: Well, your son. He's kind of young so it's kind of young to say if he has ever had a diagnosis of mental illness, but does he have any like a DD or ADHD or a DD
Crystal Gatwood: There were actually like
Crystal Gatwood: I'm kind of just doing a journal right now wanting like of his behaviors.
Crystal Gatwood: And the notes that I get back from school. I can you know take them into consideration as well.
Crystal Gatwood: But I hadn't been some counseling before my vehicle.
Crystal Gatwood: When Bye bye, and that was seeming to help because he does have some a little bit like of anger and ADHD odd, as well as what they were saying to but
Richelle Direny: Oppositional defiance disorder.
Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: Now, I was maybe his like me and his dad.
Crystal Gatwood: You know, things have been rocky lately that could be some of his behavior to
Crystal Gatwood: You know what I mean.
Crystal Gatwood: That's. I'm sorry. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oppositional defiant disorder. I see, like, wow.
Oh,
Crystal Gatwood: Children's Hospital like children's
Crystal Gatwood: The psychiatrists up there.
Crystal Gatwood: Nationwide Children's or something like that.
Richelle Direny: They, they diagnose them.
Crystal Gatwood: Well, right now they're saying he does have symptoms or whatever you wanna call it.
Richelle Direny: Now, when you were
Crystal Gatwood: You
Richelle Direny: Were you ever using
Crystal Gatwood: No, I was actually I'm on study tech or text.
Crystal Gatwood: Mm hmm. And then I weaned off of it.
Crystal Gatwood: And had him and he had no withdrawal, no nothing.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Have you always been like this, or it's just kind of since the relationship between you and his dad started going downhill.
Crystal Gatwood: I saw more of it come out. Yeah. And I have to agree with that. But it really started when he was like, sorry.
Richelle Direny: I wasn't relationship kind of rocky then
Crystal Gatwood: Or was yes.
Richelle Direny: What is he pretty close to that.
Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: Maybe
Richelle Direny: Something a little bit like
Richelle Direny: The relationship, the disturbance in the relationship is having an impact.
Crystal Gatwood: See, that's what I say to and
Richelle Direny: I don't know. I don't know if he's ready for any series diagnosis and to be put on a
Crystal Gatwood: Slide and shove it down his throat.
Crystal Gatwood: You know, say I want him on Adderall and all that.
Crystal Gatwood: I really
Richelle Direny: Sounds like he's
A little
Crystal Gatwood: No, I don't want to take pills, you know. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like it's more the impact of the relationship, it's having on him and
Richelle Direny: You know, you don't. Hopefully, that is not really seeing any your dad is not seeing anything negative to him to see that into his mind and then
Richelle Direny: A lot of the behavioral you know children don't necessarily know how to express themselves. So how they express themselves through their behavior.
Richelle Direny: That's how you know something is going on and it's like finding the needle in the haystack. What is causing what is, you know, like every time you go to the doctor. They always asked his mom and dad still together, what's different in the house.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And so that you know to go
Crystal Gatwood: Around you know a lot of research. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yes, it will throw out a diagnosis, a bit much right now.
Richelle Direny: So, but now in terms of your family maternal or paternal are both your parents still alive.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: And what about maternal grandparents and maternal grandparents.
Crystal Gatwood: My Mom's Mom and Dad are both still alive. My dad's dad just passed away two months.
Crystal Gatwood: And the his mom is stolen.
Richelle Direny: Okay, do they have a history of
Crystal Gatwood: Not that I know of. I know my dad drank I wrong drink probably why I absolutely do not like drink, but
Crystal Gatwood: And I wouldn't say they were alcoholics. It's not like they needed a beer to get the jitters away type deal
Crystal Gatwood: But it was just
Crystal Gatwood: Too much
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said that there's your hands together, right.
No.
Richelle Direny: Um, is there any history of
Richelle Direny: Overdose within your family and history of suicide attempts thoughts.
Crystal Gatwood: Um,
Crystal Gatwood: Honestly, I mean as far as suicidal attempts, you know, an overdose. Now, my sister was an active addiction. She was on heroin. She was shooting in a
Crystal Gatwood: Long time and I had her she had ever dose that they brought her
Crystal Gatwood: I honestly can't say
Crystal Gatwood: But my sister is an addict as well.
Richelle Direny: And she is in active addiction.
Crystal Gatwood: Right now she is just on her so boxing.
And she's not apart.
Crystal Gatwood: No, she is not a bird by oh
Richelle Direny: I knew that she's very young.
Crystal Gatwood: Very well.
Crystal Gatwood: Actually, okay.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Now you said that you know you don't have any issues with sleep or anything fancy you sleep pretty well at night.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Do you have any history of like
Richelle Direny: incarcerations misdemeanors.
Crystal Gatwood: I have a few misdemeanors.
Richelle Direny: And so you're not currently information are you
Crystal Gatwood: Oh, no, no, no.
Richelle Direny: Now, were you born and raised in Ohio.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now during your time here in Britain heart. What would you like to accomplish that. What would you like to work.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, I have a lot on my plate right now like just getting my stability back and you know with my son and
Crystal Gatwood: Sometimes I feel overwhelmed and I don't even know where to start.
Crystal Gatwood: But
Crystal Gatwood: I know as long as I know you know
Crystal Gatwood: I'm sorry.
You said just some stability.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah I know like
Crystal Gatwood: Being with like in the program.
Crystal Gatwood: If I wasn't it'd be all bad for me right now. You know, I mean, I have that structure. I know I'm getting counseling. This week, you know, and I know I can vent to somebody, you know, and
Crystal Gatwood: And also get advice and in
Crystal Gatwood: As well, I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: I'd like the structure of the program. It helps me
Richelle Direny: Sound like some emotional, mental
Richelle Direny: Stability.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You're a lot of kind of like very depressed mood right now.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I know a lot going on. No, no.
I'm here that
Richelle Direny: I'm now in terms of like your support systems you have
Crystal Gatwood: Unfortunately, not really. I mean, my God helps me where he can, but
Crystal Gatwood: My land doesn't really see
Crystal Gatwood: Like he doesn't really know much about addiction. He doesn't
Crystal Gatwood: You know he doesn't understand and a lot of what I'm going through, but
Crystal Gatwood: I don't really talk to my mom.
Crystal Gatwood: We haven't spoken when Ali here.
Richelle Direny: So he would you say a lot of like you're
Richelle Direny: What you're going through mentally and emotionally some of that.
Richelle Direny: She's part of the reason why you and your mom don't have much of a relationship right now.
Crystal Gatwood: And I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: She was always find a distance. I honestly I think she kind of has her own issues. She just hasn't
Crystal Gatwood: What it's
Crystal Gatwood: Like to me.
And
Crystal Gatwood: She said she is a drink.
Crystal Gatwood: She likes to drink when she's not working and I just
Crystal Gatwood: We just don't have the same
Crystal Gatwood: Kind of distance between us and then I'm back in 2007
Crystal Gatwood: I was
Richelle Direny: Thinking, your, your
Crystal Gatwood: Internet and then I found out that he was
Crystal Gatwood: shooting heroin too much about it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you were breaking up, who was shooting heroin. That was
Crystal Gatwood: My ex.
Mm hmm.
Crystal Gatwood: And I just immediately left
Richelle Direny: Okay, and how long ago was this
Crystal Gatwood: This is back in 2017
Crystal Gatwood: Well, turn eight and this was in January. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And this is, of course, 2017
Richelle Direny: THIS WAS YOU WERE NOT WITH YOUR SON'S FATHER.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so a lot of what's going on like outside of
Richelle Direny: Not having a feel cool. You have a lot of relationship issues going on as well.
Crystal Gatwood: Um,
Crystal Gatwood: I mean the the relationship with my mom. I mean, my, my door is always open.
Crystal Gatwood: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, so that's how I deal with the door's always open. If she wants to step, but in my opinion, if she doesn't
Crystal Gatwood: Make the effort that I'm not gonna waste my time to make the effort.
Richelle Direny: But relationship, not so much more with mom like with relationship like intimate relationships. That's what
Crystal Gatwood: I'm I mean, yeah, me and my son done and
Crystal Gatwood: We're really rocky right now.
Richelle Direny: Are you know did you, are you a high school graduate and did you go to college.
Richelle Direny: Frozen now.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Can you hear me now.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, sorry. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, I was asking. Now, what kind of work do you do now.
Crystal Gatwood: Um, I actually, um,
Crystal Gatwood: Well, I lost my job like a couple months ago I lost my car and
Crystal Gatwood: So I had a, like a part time job like across the street from me, I will subway, but my anxiety and everything like I basically had an anxiety attack and flipped out on everybody, and left.
Crystal Gatwood: And I need to do that a lot. I mean, I've done that with a couple jobs, like, I'm sorry. Kind of makes a hard for me sometimes.
Richelle Direny: What, what is the
Richelle Direny: What was proceeding that link exciting times. Like, what was going on. Did you feel just overwhelmed with the job itself.
Crystal Gatwood: I was overwhelmed with everything that was starting to fall tour and
Crystal Gatwood: Some things at work. Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: I was getting over and
Richelle Direny: You're gone. You're frozen.
Richelle Direny: completely frozen.
Crystal Gatwood: I can hear you. You're not frozen now.
Richelle Direny: I could, if you were talking, I hear anything. You said
Richelle Direny: Not, not you said that. Where are you, where I stopped hearing you was when you said that you kind of like lost everything.
Richelle Direny: When with the job at Subway where you had the panic attack and
Richelle Direny: You found that like this had happened at a few jobs.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Where you would kind of like had a panic attack and walks on so how are you supporting yourself now.
Crystal Gatwood: Um,
Crystal Gatwood: I mean,
Crystal Gatwood: Like I'm I'll get a job like close to home and I'm saving up money right now for another car. Plus I have taxes going in for a new car and I plan on going to get a better paying job at least but
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah, I'm also late
Crystal Gatwood: Like my doctor told me to.
Crystal Gatwood: File for like
Crystal Gatwood: Not, not disability. I don't know the difference between disability and SSI.
Crystal Gatwood: But one of them is like a supplemental income it SSI.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah and disabilities that you have to have a disability over two years.
Crystal Gatwood: In order for you to collect it a little
Richelle Direny: harder to do.
Crystal Gatwood: So I started to flow.
Crystal Gatwood: Getting
Crystal Gatwood: Here, right.
Richelle Direny: It's like your, your, your wife is really
Richelle Direny: Be very difficult for me to understand what you're saying.
Crystal Gatwood: Okay. Where did you do word rabbit towards me, I'm
Crystal Gatwood: Trying to get some like a better sleep. I'm trying to get a better signal maybe
Richelle Direny: Alright, so you're a little bit better right now.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: So, um,
Richelle Direny: So you said that you're in the process of saving up money through um
Richelle Direny: When you do
Richelle Direny: Your taxes and just different modes of saving up money.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you're doing little odds and jobs. Is that what you're saying.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. And your son is what in kindergarten.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: And your father is helping you financially.
Crystal Gatwood: Yes.
Richelle Direny: So you're so it's it's it's stressful financially, but not 100% because you are finding you have your assistance from your dad.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Are you a part of any organization.
Richelle Direny: Like an additional support like do you go to any kind of at any group.
Crystal Gatwood: Or my
Crystal Gatwood: Meetings, but they're online. I do what's called in the rooms.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Crystal Gatwood: It's. I mean, it's basically like a meeting, but I think it's even better because I don't have to sit there and look at other people. Hi, I'm on a meeting. Does that make sense.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
Crystal Gatwood: That's why I choose to go that route. And because it's more convenient for me as a single mom for lunch and in your situation now.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So this is what we'll do, I'm going to, I'm really going to recommend freeing
Richelle Direny: What is your availability, like in terms of meeting, for I am recommending weekly sessions individuals.
Richelle Direny: Outside of the weekly groups that you're going to medication checking groups that you're going to attend.
Richelle Direny: I'm recommending weekly proves
Richelle Direny: What days are best for you to me.
Crystal Gatwood: I'm right now. I can do.
Crystal Gatwood: Monday through Thursday anytime between nine and four.
Richelle Direny: So evenings are not evenings are not best for you.
Crystal Gatwood: I can do evenings, if I need to.
Crystal Gatwood: Um,
Crystal Gatwood: I just have to
Crystal Gatwood: Have my god sit with my son, so I can have that private, you know, one on one, one on one.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: So right now.
Richelle Direny: So today is the
Crystal Gatwood: 30 3030 is. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So if we're going to do.
Richelle Direny: Right now my calendar is a little books for next. Well, it's not that I have available next Wednesday at 7am
Crystal Gatwood: So cool.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah. When do you want to do the Wednesday at seven. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I'm gonna try my calendar.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, you're saying nine to four is best because that's the time that he's in school.
Crystal Gatwood: For yeah
Crystal Gatwood: Alright so Wednesday, the fifth. Yes.
Yes.
Crystal Gatwood: So will you let me know when the groups are starting up
Richelle Direny: They're going to bright heart, they're going to send you on. They're going to let you know for bright heart because it's
Crystal Gatwood: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And it's chances are it's going to be during the
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I'm gonna and what. So what I'll do. I have you next Wednesday at seven. So what I'll do is, like I said, I'll send you a message. As a reminder, and then, week to week I will, um, you know, we'll see what they is good for you, week to week
Richelle Direny: Three. Okay. And if
Richelle Direny: Time, where I can meet your during the day, I'll let you know.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: So for our next session that we meet next week we will really go more into the treatment plan.
Richelle Direny: To
Richelle Direny: You know, you talk more about like your what your goals are and kind of what we will start working on as small goals.
Richelle Direny: But it's definitely I think that you will definitely benefit from individuals.
Crystal Gatwood: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: We're from a weekly standpoint, I'm like you said there is a lot going on. Um, there's a lot to address.
Richelle Direny: And I'm I definitely kind of the stance that I take in my
Richelle Direny: Model of therapy is in order for you to address the person today, you have to identify the source of the past, that is continuing to create this catalyst into the decisions that you make today currently
Richelle Direny: We're often don't. Well, people often don't realize how our decisions on yesterday have impacts our decisions today. We are just all in the
Richelle Direny: Moment with
Richelle Direny: Given the moment we look at things in the moment, but we don't understand that those see will to our fire were unresolved.
Richelle Direny: Hurt pain in all of that from yesterday.
Crystal Gatwood: Though you can
Richelle Direny: Change yesterday. Yesterday has already occurred but you can become more aware of it, understand it and learn how to work through it.
Richelle Direny: And not allow you to, you know, not allow the situation that have taken control of who yesterday still be that determining factor today.
Richelle Direny: Right, so like I'm a firm believer of it. A lot of times we use we kind of suppress um different traumas and different things in our lives.
Richelle Direny: And we use that. What part of what fuels your active addiction is because you use, whether it's alcohol is your drug of choice. Heroin pills, whatever your drug of choice is you use it to pretty much numb.
Richelle Direny: Your stressors. I don't want to feel it. I don't want to know that it exists. I wanted to die. And so we use drugs to suppress it. But then eventually until the, the, whatever drugs you use it becomes your mandate, it's like this big banding.
Richelle Direny: But you know what, in order for the wound to heal you have to remove the mandate. And so through the Suboxone program, I believe it. It helps to stabilize you so that you can work through the issues and over time.
Richelle Direny: As time goes on, you learn to
Richelle Direny: You learn to gain control you learn to identify your stressors and work through them.
Crystal Gatwood: You learn to cope. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: In a more healthier way, um, you learn that it's not everything that you have control over.
Richelle Direny: And so over time. Eventually, you find that the more you learn to cope effectively and learn, you learn to pretty much stand on your own two feet and get through each stressor, as they come. The less you become dependent on whatever medication that you're taking to help you stay stable.
Right.
Richelle Direny: So, um, so that's why I recommend and I am a big advocate, not because I'm a counselor, but I'm just a big advocate overall for counseling, because each person that I need. I tried to hear what
Richelle Direny: You said hmm
Crystal Gatwood: Counseling has like when I first started going to counseling all admit you know I was like everybody else, like this is this is stupid. This England to help me, you know, but honestly like you know my medicine is one thing, but it's the counseling that really
Crystal Gatwood: That really gets me to my addiction like
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Mm hmm. You're absolutely right. Because the counseling helps you to deal with the issue that helps you to talk through it the medication only helps to keep you stable so you can get through it.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of like so Suboxone is so to
Richelle Direny: To curve, the cravings. Right.
Richelle Direny: So when you have a Suboxone does. So when you're taking medication and kind of like helps you to stable the emotion. So you're not like
Richelle Direny: We don't
Richelle Direny: panic attack.
As you're going through
Richelle Direny: So that's what it helps with. It's not the fixer of all your issues or
Crystal Gatwood: Fix your issues. It just helps you to stay
Richelle Direny: Stable so you can process.
Richelle Direny: And claim. So, um,
Richelle Direny: If you ever, like you need an extra session in a week or what have you. You can always reach out to and we can just, you know, I can put you on the calendar. Okay.
Crystal Gatwood: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so I will see you next Wednesday at six or 7pm. And I will send you a reminder. OK.
Richelle Direny: Ok, alright. Have a good one.
Crystal Gatwood: You too. Thanks for show. You're welcome. Bye bye.